---
published: true
layout: post
category: blog
---
Leaving room in one's speech for what is not already known. 

## swapping nouns
The sound of poetry, the poetry of sound. 
Participation is a kind of consumption, but consumption is a kind of participation.

## Double negative (weak affirmative) - 
It's not that I don't think that Bob is not competent that I don't want to instruct him.

## Synonym
It wasn't unlucky but it might have been unfortunate.

## Contradiction in terms
 "Hideously married"
"foreign intimateness", "familiar yet distant". "gloriously dull". 

## Truncation
Stopping to pause at a nodal point during a sentence can change the meaning:
"people don't think ..[pause].. about preparing for their deaths"

Villetto


## Gertrude Stein

> toute la pulsion est organisée en signifiants

> les objets de la pulsion sont des signifiants.
(J.A.Miller l'un Tout Seul)

See also Freud Triebe und Triebschicksale and 'Die Verdrängung'.

Stein and Barthes -> language has turned us into automatons (discours de la science).

Language is using us.

Stein argued that we should use language instead of being used by it. By taking words and exhausing their meaning by giving them so many other possible meanings, she points to the materiality of the signifier and opens up the possibilty of a gap between signifier and signified.  


Schreber -> etre le phallus de sa mere.

Homme aux Rats -> s'identifié avec le pere en se vouant que il est egalement manquant.

> "Sans doute la divination de l'inconscient a-t-elle tres tot averti le sujet que, faute de pouvoir etre le phallus qui manque a la mere, il lui reste la solution d'etre la femme qui manque aux hommes" (Ecrits pg. 44)








